#summary This page guides about how to update the header and footer information which is being stored in the Configuration List.

= What is Configuration List =

Configuration List is a list that is storing the following content of the site in the form of HTML containing tokens that are dynamically replaced when user action takes place.
  # Header information about contact details
  # Footer information
  # Admin Email content and subject
  # Self Email content and subject

= Where Configuration List is used =
  * Displaying the content in the header control.
  * Displaying the content in the footer control.
  * Mail templates used in Query Us !webpart.

= Update Header & Footer Content =

  # Go to Site Actions -> View All Site Content -> Configurations<br>http://free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/Images/ConfigurationsList.jpg
  # This list contains the HTML values for footer and header as shown in the screenshot.<br>http://free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/Images/ConfigHtmls.jpg
  # Check the checkbox next to ContactUs list item. Select Edit Item button in the ribbon. <br>http://free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/Images/updateHeader.jpg
  # Say, we have updated the values of contact email id as admin@mycompany.com. On Saving the value, the header is reflected with the updated value.<br>http://free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/Images/HeaderValueReflected.jpg

Similarly, the value of footer can be changed and updated to reflect the new HTML stored in the configurations list under the footer list item.
----
[http://code.google.com/p/free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme/wiki/EndUserRoadMap Back to End User RoadMap]