#summary Small Business Site Template for SharePoint 2010

= What is Small Business Site Template? =

Small Business Site is a !SharePoint site definition that can be used by entities to showcase their business model. 

== Who benefits from using Small Business Site Template? ==

Using this template benefits all of the following:

*End Users / Administrators* – End Users can build their company portal within minutes and then customize the same according to their requirements from the UI itself.

*!SharePoint Application Developers* – Application developers can customize the existing template easily and can update the package to undergo new implementation.

== What features does Small Business Site Template offer?  ==
This template provides the following functional features:
 
 * Ready to use Company portal
 * Support for end to end customization according to own requirements.
 * Customizable Theme
 * Common site content (Header, Footer) customizable by administrator.
 * Easy enhancement support for developers.
 
== Setup Guide ==

 # Below link will guide you to step by step [http://code.google.com/p/free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme/wiki/Installation Installation of Small Business Site Template in SharePoint 2010] 
 # [http://code.google.com/p/free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme/wiki/UnInstall Un-Install] your template if you want to remove the template from !SharePoint 2010

== Getting Started ==
  * This topic shows you how to use and customize a Small Business Site Template in !SharePoint 2010. 

  * Create your portal in !SharePoint 2010 using Small Business Site Template with step by step [http://code.google.com/p/free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme/wiki/CreateSite guide] or can download the [http://code.google.com/p/free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme/downloads/detail?name=SmallBusinessTemplate.zip&can=2&q= Package] for your reference

== !RoadMaps ==

  * [http://code.google.com/p/free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme/wiki/DeveloperRoadMap Developer RoadMap]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/free-sharepoint-small-business-website-template-theme/wiki/EndUserRoadMap End User / Administrator RoadMap]

==Share it with your friends!!!==
<wiki:gadget url="http://hosting.gmodules.com/ig/gadgets/file/113501407083818715381/Opti365ShareWebpageHelper.xml" border="0"/>